Update supported-models.mdx (#4425)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models.mdx

  This service is free while in beta. Starting March 12th 2025, Generative APIs will become Generally Available, and the [following pricing](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/model-as-a-service/#generative-apis) will apply along with exsting [Specific terms and conditions](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/).
</Message>

> Our API supports the most popular models for [Chat](/generative-apis/how-to/query-language-models), [Vision](/generative-apis/how-to/query-vision-models/) and [Embeddings](/generative-apis/how-to/query-embedding-models/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our API supports the most popular models for [Chat](/generative-apis/how-to/query-language-models), [Vision](/generative-apis/how-to/query-vision-models/) and [Embeddings](/generative-apis/how-to/query-embedding-models/).
```

| DeepSeek (Preview)  | `deepseek-r1`     | 20k | 4096 | [MIT](https://huggingface.co/datasets/choosealicense/licenses/blob/main/markdown/mit.md) | [HF](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1) |
| DeepSeek (Preview)  | `deepseek-r1-distill-llama-70b`     | 32k | 4096 | [MIT](https://huggingface.co/datasets/choosealicense/licenses/blob/main/markdown/mit.md) | [HF](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Llama-70B) |

<Message type="tip">
  If you are unsure which chat model to use, we currently recommend Llama 3.1 8B Instruct (`llama-3.1-8b-instruct`) to get started.
</Message>

## Vision models

| Provider | Model string | Context window (Tokens) | Maximum output (Tokens)| License | Model card |
|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
| Mistral      | `pixtral-12b-2409`    | 128k | 4096 | [Apache-2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) | [HF](https://huggingface.co/mistralai/Pixtral-12B-2409) |

<Message type="note">

>   Images size are limited to 32 million pixels (eg. around 8096x4048 resolution). Note that images above 1024x1024 are supported, but will be downscaled automatically to fit within this limits (image ratio and proportions will be preserved).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Image sizes are limited to 32 million pixels (e.g., a resolution of about 8096 x 4048). Images with a resolution higher than 1024 x 1024 are supported, but automatically downscaled to fit these limitations (image ratio and proportions will be preserved).
```

>   Images size are limited to 32 million pixels (eg. around 8096x4048 resolution). Note that images above 1024x1024 are supported, but will be downscaled automatically to fit within this limits (image ratio and proportions will be preserved).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Image sizes are limited to 32 million pixels (e.g., around 8096×4048 resolution). Images above 1024×1024 are supported but will be downscaled automatically to fit within this limit (image ratio and proportions will be preserved).
```

Reviewer 3: Doublon avec le commentaire de Jessica :)
